ha there it is right there soon as
Catherine isn't allowed me in the office
I've decided to open my own promotion
because that's the only thing you're
gonna do when you can't get your way
with the promotion you're working for so
here it is
I will spud Wednesday wrestling
you
you know I can murder a coffee
somebody get me a coffee that's it
that's it
I need staff exactly we're gonna hire
people we're gonna hire people in my
promotion so let me see your resume you
might see my resume where's your resume
are you can qualify for this while I'm
in here
uh-huh where's the free coffee you said
there's free coffee and free bagels
where are the free coffee and bagels yes
I know there was a sign for coffee and
bagels is it the joke your computer's
not even plugged in there's no power
there's no ethernet is it I'm being set
up right Do You Know Who I am
I'm Kenny freakin Smith who are you yeah
obviously not at the standard of my
promotion you're man you'll get fired
so Steve what do you think you can bring
to the promotion Steve
all right you're hired
I'm sorry Mike I have no clue who you
are I think it would be great for the
job I have a master's in business
management with a minor and I graduated
I am very proficient in QuickBooks and
computers hired you're hired
you're hired well I think this company
is gonna be a great success carry on my
dear
don't forget Shakti in a calm and type
in promo code freeze but and you'll
receive free domestic shipping on all
orders isn't she the best